bank withdrawer 1 withdrew $50 from the bank
bank withdrawer 3 withdrew $50 from the bank
bank withdrawer 3 withdrew $50 from the bank
bank withdrawer 3 withdrew $50 from the bank
bank withdrawer 3 withdrew $50 from the bank
bank withdrawer 3 withdrew $50 from the bank
bank depositer 3 deposited $50 to the bank
bank depositer 3 deposited $50 to the bank
bank depositer 3 deposited $50 to the bank
bank depositer 3 deposited $50 to the bank
bank depositer 3 deposited $50 to the bank
bank depositer 4 deposited $50 to the bank
bank depositer 4 deposited $50 to the bank
bank depositer 4 deposited $50 to the bank
bank depositer 4 deposited $50 to the bank
bank depositer 4 deposited $50 to the bank
bank withdrawer 1 withdrew $50 from the bank
bank withdrawer 1 withdrew $50 from the bank
bank withdrawer 1 withdrew $50 from the bank
bank withdrawer 1 withdrew $50 from the bank
bank withdrawer 2 withdrew $50 from the bank
bank withdrawer 2 withdrew $50 from the bank
bank withdrawer 2 withdrew $50 from the bank
bank withdrawer 2 withdrew $50 from the bank
bank withdrawer 2 withdrew $50 from the bank
bank depositer 1 deposited $50 to the bank
bank depositer 1 deposited $50 to the bank
bank depositer 1 deposited $50 to the bank
bank depositer 1 deposited $50 to the bank
bank depositer 1 deposited $50 to the bank
bank depositer 2 deposited $50 to the bank
bank depositer 2 deposited $50 to the bank
bank depositer 2 deposited $50 to the bank
bank depositer 2 deposited $50 to the bank
bank depositer 2 deposited $50 to the bank
remaining money : 10000

bank withdrawer 2 withdrew $50 from the bank
bank withdrawer 1 withdrew $50 from the bank
bank withdrawer 1 withdrew $50 from the bank
bank withdrawer 1 withdrew $50 from the bank
bank withdrawer 1 withdrew $50 from the bank
bank withdrawer 1 withdrew $50 from the bank
bank depositer 2 deposited $50 to the bank
bank depositer 2 deposited $50 to the bank
bank depositer 2 deposited $50 to the bank
bank depositer 2 deposited $50 to the bank
bank depositer 2 deposited $50 to the bank
bank withdrawer 2 withdrew $50 from the bank
bank withdrawer 2 withdrew $50 from the bank
bank withdrawer 2 withdrew $50 from the bank
bank withdrawer 2 withdrew $50 from the bank
bank depositer 1 deposited $50 to the bank
bank depositer 1 deposited $50 to the bank
bank depositer 1 deposited $50 to the bank
bank depositer 1 deposited $50 to the bank
bank depositer 1 deposited $50 to the bank
remaining money : 10000
